6. Deep neural network models for evaluating the helpfulness of Amazon reviews

To develop a deep neural model to assess the helpfulness of a customer review based 
on its text and identify characteristics of helpful and unhelpful reviews.
 The project will be carried out on a large collection of Amazon reviews of consumer products, such as mobile phones, laptops, TV sets, etc. 
Data on each review includes the text of the review, the id of the author, the date of the review, 
the helpfulness score of the review (the number of readers who found the review helpful and the number of those who found it unhelpful). 
The main stages on the project will include text preprocessing and experimental evaluation of deep neural networks to classify reviews 
by their helpfulness. The project will be expected to use Python for the experimental part of the project.



1) Define project title.

Ans) Deep neural network models for evaluating the helpfulness of Amazon reviews

Describe which data you intend to use (provide a link):

Ans) I would like to use the dataset about Amazon rreviews from the Hugging face website.
Link to dataset -  https://huggingface.co/datasets/amazon_us_reviews/viewer/Home_Entertainment_v1_00/train
All the required columns like review text, id, helpfulness score etc are present in this data.

3) List 5-10 keywords describing your proposed project. E.g., Data Envelopment Analysis, resource allocation, decision making, efficiency analysis, railway

Ans) I would most likely look into the important NLP part of it, i.e. using the review text for analysis. 
I would start by Loading data, preprocessing text, Using vectorization methods to convert text to vectors and then build model on it.
And I would also dwell deep into deep learning based embedding techniques like Glove vectors and state of the art NLP models like transformers.
I would also perform some sentiment analysis along the use of helpfullness score. I would perform the best preprocessing on the text that is feasible.
Flow-
1. Data Loading
2. Data/Text Preprocessing
3. Data Analysis
4. Feature Engineering/Word EMbedding
5. Model building and Training
6. Model Evaluation
7. Final inference and Conclusion

If you've had a preliminary discussion with a supervisor and they have agree to supervise your project, please state their name, in the format: FirstName SecondName. Leave this field blank, if you have not received such an agreement from a supervisor.

